[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the historical political drama
film The Post so let's get started one
thing to know this film is not out on
blu-ray yet so I had to work with the
available footage to get this out before
the Oscars the film takes place during
the Vietnam War with analysts Daniel
Ellsberg photocopying classified reports
on the war called the Pentagon Papers
many of which that show that the war was
unnecessarily continued Ellsberg leaked
the documents to the New York Times
which they run the story which disgraces
the current Secretary of State Robert
McKee Mara Katherine Graham owner of The
Washington Post has the company just
about to go for its IPO she's conflicted
how to run her paper and she is
constantly overruled by more assertive
men who advise her or work for her such
as her editor-in-chief Ben Bradley
Graham also his friends with defense
secretary McNamara a court injunction
halts any further publication from the
New York Times on the Pentagon Papers
been bad again is able to get the papers
from Ellsberg for the post and the post
goes to work on finding headline stories
the lawyers and board members of the
post urge Graham not to allow the
headlines on the Pentagon Papers to run
especially because Graham might be
arrested for contempt of court these
charges would also cause the company's
IPO to fall through it Bradley however
wants the story published after some
debate Graham decides to run the story
the White House is furious and both
opposed in new york times are set before
the supreme court arguing that they are
using their First Amendment rights many
newspapers across the country show
solidarity for the papers and the court
rules a six to three victory for the
newspaper
Nixon demands that opposed be barred
from the White House as the film
concludes we see a security guard a year
later discovering a break-in at the
Watergate complex so that was the
spoilers to the post if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts enter
various forms of social media and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching